hi I'm Lisa the artist behind LOC refine
our today's painting demonstration is
this pot of orchids I am having a hard
time capturing the actual color of this
piece both my video camera and my DSLR
are capturing this is being a very blue
color and it actually has a lot of teal
in it that is just not picking up I the
end video I kind of Photoshop that you
try to get it to look as close to
possible as the original but even that's
not perfect so you don't have to take my
word for it that this has a lot of teal
in it I don't know why it's not coming
out I painted this on a Frederick's Blue
Label ultra smooth canvas I went with
this canvas because it I had so much
airbrushing to do but not just that I
had a lot of work to do in the water
normally what I do on a Russian I like
to go with the nature whore paint boards
but in this case because I had so much
to do with the water and the way that I
paint water I needed to go on in state
went in to wet for a really long time
the nature core paint board the paint
tends to dry a little bit faster so with
this the ultra-smooth was kind of a
happy medium it was still smooth enough
that the airbrushing worked but it
doesn't dry quite as quickly at the
paint doesn't dry quite as quickly as it
does on the nature whore cake board I
have a new painting and drawing videos
every Wednesday so make sure you
subscribe and follow me on Facebook and
Twitter to keep up with news and my
newest work I also have Instagram and a
few other social media stuff that I use
um that are linked below in the video
description just a little preview for
you guys of next week's painting
demonstration I'm working right now on
this giraffe with monarch butterflies
and I know what you're thinking monarchs
don't live in Africa but neither does
this giraffe he lives in the zoo and
they allow monarch butterflies in the
zoo oh we could go together or at least
they go together just as much as a pod
of killer whales with the earth behind
them I'm not known for following the
rules of nature I'll see you guys next
week
you